- A Metroidvania or 2D platformer inside an AI/computer. You must clear obstacles to get to the core and shut down the system. Wildcard potential: "bit flipping" mechanic to reverse the game's mechanics Ikaruga-style; the game starts inside the core, perhaps you play as a daemon that's performing maintenance before accidentally causing the malfunction (Linux joke potential too); the bench is a benchmark
- A top-down 2D wave survival or bullet heaven game where you play as a malformed process inside a server and must fight off huge amounts of other processes. "Corrupt" yourself to gain upgrades at the cost of changing up the way the game plays. Wildcard potential: toggle a bool in the server that makes enemies and bullets start moving away from you instead of towards you and maybe it toggles upgrade drawbacks as well; the game pretty well takes place in one small spot anyway, but as for level theming, the game can start and end in index.html; a bench between levels that the player character sits on
- The game starts as a vertical space shooter a la Galaga with a prompt to enter coins (game page can list free play key combination as a meta-narrative thing), but a rift opens up when one of the enemies glitches out. The rift consumes the whole screen and consumes the player ship. You travel through a hyperspace-esque effect and come out in a different arcade game. The game could be styled after Donkey Kong, Pac-Man, or Centipede, but played as a space ship that can fly freely and shoot. A full version of the game would probably explore all of those concepts and maybe more, with a few levels for each and more interesting twists. Wildcard potential: a key that "glitches" the current game and allows you to play the Galaga-style game with the protagonist that's supposed to be in the game you're in now; the game could loop back around to the Galaga-style game, skipping to the "final boss" with some glitchy effects; the end screen of the game could show the spaceship pilot enjoying some coffee on a bench (maybe finishing fast enough reveals the pilot is actually a woman!)
- A 2D platformer game of sorts where the player is a pilot inside of a spaceship which is spinning out of control. It's a physics game where the player must float around and navigate many objects inside the spinning ship, trying to move certain pieces from one place in the ship to another to fix it. Wildcard potential; a button to reverse the ship's gravity, causing it to spin in the other direction and allowing a moment or two where everything in the ship (except the player) is at rest; the game is about moving from the cockpit, through the entire ship, and then back to the cockpit; there could easily be a bench in the middle of the ship the player can strap into to let the character catch their breath
- A Zelda-style top-down game where the player completes a short section to open a door, but the door is stuck and the player uses a "debug" function to traverse through a late-game area while avoiding the enemies there (it becomes a stealth game Zelda clone.) Wildcard potential: use a "debug" key power-up to turn the lights on and make the enemies hide from you instead until the game "corrects" itself; the game starts on one side of a door and ends on the other side of the door, where the player character retires; every room can have a bench to sit on to restore your health
- A side-scrolling beat-em-up styled after River City Ransom where hitting the enemies causes the whole game to "glitch out" and move enemies and pickups around, as well as spawn them in random places. Wildcard potential: 
- 